# Quick Start

To make it easy for developers to get started, we’ve deployed [web3infra.dev](http://web3infra.dev/) for developers to store data forever. This quick start will describe how to use arseeding-js to store data onto the Arweave network via [web3infra.dev](http://web3infra.dev/).

# Prerequiste

In order to quickly have the data uploaded, you need to have prepared in advanced the following:

1. node.js development environment
2. have a MetaMask wallet.
3. the wallet has any one of asset that listed on everPay.

If you’re not yet ready, please check the following: [everPay recharge guide](../other/2.getAR.md#everpay)

# Creat project

Open terminal, Create an empty folder to store the project, and use `npm init` to create `package.json` for package management.

```bash
mkdir arseeding-demo

cd arseeding-demo

npm init
```

# Installation

Open the `arseeding-demo` file via the compiler, open the terminal and install `arseeding-js` with the following code.

```bash
npm i arseeding-js
```

# Upload Data

After the installation is complete, create `demo.js` in the directory and copy the following code into `demo.js`.

```jsx
const { genNodeAPI, getTokenTagByEver } = require('arseeding-js')

const run = async () => {
  const instance = await genNodeAPI('YOUR PRIVATE KEY')
  const arseedUrl = 'https://arseed.web3infra.dev'
  const data = Buffer.from('........')
  const payCurrencyTag = 'ethereum-usdc-0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48' // everpay supported all token tag (chainType-symbol-id)
  const options = {
    tags: [{ name: 'Content-Type', value: 'image/png' }]
  }
  const res = await instance.sendAndPay(arseedUrl, data, payCurrencyTag, options)
  console.log('res', res)
}
run()
```

:::tip
If you prefer to import arseeding-js using the following syntax, you need to add **"type": "module"** to the **package.json** file.

```js
import { genNodeAPI, getTokenTagByEver } from 'arseeding-js'
```

:::

Configuration instructions:

- Populate your MetaMask key with `YOUR PRIVATE KEY`. Make sure that the wallet corresponding to the PRIVATE KEY has assets on everPay.
- arseedUrl is the address of the Arseeding backend service that needs to be configured. Here we use the Arseed service provided by permadao at [https://arseed.web3infra.dev](https://arseed.web3infra.dev/).
- The data needs to be filled with the binary data you want to upload, the developer can use the file io to read the corresponding file from the local drive.
- payCurrencyTag is the payment `token tag` you need to select. If your MetaMask address is held by usdc in everPay, you can get the `tag` of all usdc by `getTokenTagByEver('usdc')`, if you hold other tokens, please fill in the symbol of other tokens.View specific use [getTokenTagByEver](../sdk/arseeding-js/9.getTokenTag.md).
- In options you can configure your Arweave Tags, Arweave Tags refer to: [here](../other/tags.md).
- The Content-Type in tags needs to be configured based on the content you upload. For example, if you upload an image in png format, configure it as `image/png`. For details, refer to [Content-Type](../other/tags.md#content-type).

When you’re ready to configure, call await instance.sendAndPay(arseedUrl, data, payCurrencyTag, ops) to upload your data to the Arseeding node in web3infra.

Execute the following command in the terminal for upload files.

```bash
node demo.js
```

When executed correctly the terminal will output:

```bash
res {
  everHash: '0xf88033873d3bfc525d9333ec51b60f3f3dc03f822a9a73f66a10ebbd944b29c6',
  order: {
    itemId: '2bpKpp0dtfFZE82-P0lOmeI5x4m2ynatFzdjBmCWd4k',
    size: 192,
    bundler: 'uDA8ZblC-lyEFfsYXKewpwaX-kkNDDw8az3IW9bDL68',
    currency: 'USDC',
    decimals: 6,
    fee: '1141',
    paymentExpiredTime: 1690702235,
    expectedBlock: 1210331,
    tag: 'ethereum-usdc-0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48'
  }
}
```

Eventually this data will be packaged into the Arweave network becoming permanent and immutable.

# Download Data

In the returned result you can find `res.order.itemId`, the above itemId is `2bpKpp0dtfFZE82-P0lOmeI5x4m2ynatFzdjBmCWd4k`.

The data can be downloaded using curl at:

```bash
curl --location --request GET 'https://arseed.web3infra.dev/2bpKpp0dtfFZE82-P0lOmeI5x4m2ynatFzdjBmCWd4k'
```

For a more in-depth study of Arseeding and web3infra check out:

- [Detailed Guide](1.detail.md)
- [API documentation](../api/0.intro.md)
- SDK documentation ([golang](../sdk/arseeding-go/1.intro.md), [js](../sdk/arseeding-js/1.intro.md), [python](../sdk/arseeding-py.md))
